README.md, before:

# OpenShift Lightblue Cartridge


# Getting Started with OpenShift
If you don't have an OpenShift account, don't worry.  It's FREE!

Check out this [Getting Started](https://developers.openshift.com/en/getting-started-overview.html) guide provided by [OpenShift](https://www.openshift.com/).

# Creating a lightblue application
With this downloadable cart it's really simple.  For now, I'm documenting the way to do it with the ```rhc``` command.

```
rhc app create -e SNAPSHOT=true https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lightblue-platform/openshift-lightblue-cart/master/metadata/manifest.yml -a <YOUR APP NAME>
```

That's it.  This deploys JBoss EAP and MongoDB then installs and configures lightblue.  After this command completes you have a working instance of lightblue!  Check out the README.md at the root of your gear's source for some quick things to do to try out lightblue and links to documentation, forums, and source.

# License

The license of lightblue is [GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html).  See LICENSE in root of project for the full text.

Commit message:

Added note in readme about how to develop in a fork

README.md, after:

# OpenShift Lightblue Cartridge


# Getting Started with OpenShift
If you don't have an OpenShift account, don't worry.  It's FREE!

Check out this [Getting Started](https://developers.openshift.com/en/getting-started-overview.html) guide provided by [OpenShift](https://www.openshift.com/).

# Creating a lightblue application
With this downloadable cart it's really simple.  For now, I'm documenting the way to do it with the ```rhc``` command.

```
rhc app create -e SNAPSHOT=true https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lightblue-platform/openshift-lightblue-cart/master/metadata/manifest.yml -a <YOUR APP NAME>
```

That's it.  This deploys JBoss EAP and MongoDB then installs and configures lightblue.  After this command completes you have a working instance of lightblue!  Check out the README.md at the root of your gear's source for some quick things to do to try out lightblue and links to documentation, forums, and source.

## NOTE for Developers!
If you fork this you'll need to use something to set the `source-url` correctly in your manifest.

Info on how the download works: https://developers.openshift.com/en/get-involved-extend-openshift.html#how-cartridges-are-downloaded

Easy way to work around issues: https://developers.openshift.com/en/get-involved-extend-openshift.html#the-cartridge-reflector

For example, to install a fork of this repo for user 'jewzaam' with branch 'lightblue-1.2':
```
rhc app create http://cartreflect-claytondev.rhcloud.com/github/jewzaam/openshift-lightblue-cart?commit=lightblue-1.2 -a test
```

# License

The license of lightblue is [GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html).  See LICENSE in root of project for the full text.
